July 14, 2023
UPDATE at 5:51 p.m.: University Way NE has reopened to traffic. 
Police investigating a car theft the led to a collision in the 4500 block of University Way NE. No injuries reported at this time. Please stay out of the area. Expect traffic delays. More information when available.
- Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) July 15, 2023
5:09 p.m.: Seattle police have closed University Way NE between 45th Street and 47th Street as officers investigate following the arrest of a man who was driving erratically and possibly involved in a burglary outside of the immediate area. There's no current threat.
May 31, 2023
UPDATE June 1, 2023: Police are still searching for the four robbery suspects and their vehicle. They were described as wearing all black, with black balaclava masks covering their faces. They reportedly stole a phone and a pair of sneakers from two men and a woman.
UPDATE at 7:50 p.m.: Police have not yet located the four men reportedly involved in the robbery or their SUV. The University Way area is open.
UPDATE at 7:33 p.m.: A handgun was displayed during the robbery. The SUV is described as a dark blue or black Ford Explorer. The men were described as being teenagers or in their 20s. No one was injured.
ORIGINAL POST: Armed robbery reported at around 7:15 p.m. in the 4700 block of University Way. Suspects described as four men in an SUV. The four men left southbound in the SUV. Police are responding.
May 28, 2023
UPDATE at 3:53 a.m.: The suspects are described as three women and three men in their early teens or 20s who left on foot headed north/northeast. The suspects have not been located. More information will be provided if it becomes available. 
ORIGINAL POST: A person reported being pepper sprayed and robbed at around 3:30 a.m. at NE Campus Parkway and 12th Avenue NE. The person is not a UW student. A stuffed animal was stolen. UWPD is on scene and searching the area. 
April 28, 2023
A campus-wide power surge reported at around 1 p.m. has resulted in alarms going off in several campus buildings and other disruptions. There is no emergency at this time, and UW is working on turning off the alarms. We are also investigating the cause.
April 21, 2023
UPDATE at 6:09 p.m.: Below is a photo of the suspect. If you see this person, call 911. 
UPDATE at 5:58 p.m.: The area has reopened. The person who reported being hit on the head did not need to go to the hospital. 
UPDATE at 5:30 p.m.: Police searched the area, but were unable to immediately locate the man. If you see someone matching the description, call 911.
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle police are investigating a report of an assault and robbery outside a bank at 45th Street and University Way at about 4:50 p.m. A person withdrawing money from the ATM was hit on the head by a man who stole the money. The man is described as in his 50s, about 5-foot-8, wearing a green beanie and a black coat. If you see this man, call 911.
April 12, 2023
University of Washington Police have received reports of students who have been called by a phone number that appears to come from UW police's main office. 
The caller has threatened legal action if money is not provided. This is a scam. Do not provide personal information, money, gift cards or anything of value to the caller. 
If you have been contacted by someone claiming to be from UW police, please call the UW police non-emergency number at 206-685-8973.
April 5, 2023
UPDATE at 1:42 p.m. The search for the robbery suspect is ongoing. If you see him, call 911.
UPDATE at 1:25 p.m Seattle police provided this photo of the robbery suspect. The hockey mask has been located, and police believe he is no longer wearing a mask. If you see this man, call 911.
. 
UPDATE at 1:17 p.m. Seattle police continue to investigate the robbery, which was reported by witnesses. At this time, the victim has not been located. Police are still searching for the suspect.
UPDATE at 1:00 p.m. Robbery reported at 12:40 p.m. at 9th Avenue NE and 43rd Avenue NE, gun implied. A cell phone was stolen. Suspect wearing hockey mask, black pants, and red shirt and was last seen headed northwest. Police are responding.
ORIGINAL POST: Robbery @ 9th & 43rd, 12:40pm, gun implied. Suspect wearing hockey mask, black pants, red shirt. Info: alert.uw.edu Sent 12:53pm Wed
April 4, 2023
UPDATE at 11:07 p.m.: The victim in this incident does not appear to be affiliated with the UW.
UPDATE at 9:56 p.m.: Seattle police have taken one person into custody following an incident in which the individual stabbed someone, reportedly with a machete. The victim was found near 19th Ave. NE and NE 45th St. and was treated at the scene before being transported to Harborview Medical Center. The weapon was found quickly in a nearby yard, prompting police to believe there was no ongoing threat to the community while they searched for the suspect. SPD located the suspect and took him into custody.   
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle Police and Seattle Fire Department are in the area of 19th Ave. NE just north of NE 45th St. in response to a possible altercation that resulted in injuries to one person. Police believe there is no ongoing threat to the community, but please avoid the area while SPD and SFD conduct their work. 
March 23, 2023
UPDATED at 4:25pm Thursday: Police do not believe this incident was a stabbing. The injured person found in the Roosevelt neighborhood appears to have been punched rather than stabbed and there does not appear to have been a weapon involved in the altercation, and it is unclear which of the individuals was the victim or the assailant. Seattle police have the reopened the area along University Way NE near NE 43rd Street, and there no longer appears to be any danger to the community in relation to this incident.
UPDATED at 3:23pm Thursday: The victim's injuries do not appear to be consistent with a stabbing. The victim has an abrasion to the face and a bloody nose and may have been punched rather than stabbed.
UPDATED at 3:10pm Thursday: The victim has been located just south of the Roosevelt Sound Transit station after apparently getting on a train headed north from the University District station.
UPDATED at 3pm Thursday: The suspect is described as a male wearing a black shirt and black hoodie. The victim is reported to be wearing a green shirt and possibly a reflective vest or jacket.
UPDATED at 2:56pm Thursday: Seattle police are looking for both the victim and suspect in a reported stabbing incident near NE 43rd Street and University Way NE. Both individuals fled the scene. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
ORIGINAL POST: Reported stabbing, possible armed robbery near 43rd/U Way NE. Victim and suspect left scene. More info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 2:54pm Thu
March 18, 2023
UPDATE at 2:53am Saturday: The incident appears to have stemmed from a fight outside of a business. The victim was attempting to intervene to stop the fight and was eventually shot in the ankle. The victim is not affiliated with the UW.
Seattle police have cleared the scene, will continue to look for the suspect and the area is reopened. Please stay vigilant and call 911 if you see someone matching the description.
UPDATE at 2:38am Saturday: Seattle police are looking for a man who shot someone in the ankle on University Way NE near 42nd Street NE before fleeing on foot northbound on University Way NE with three other individuals. The suspect is described as a man in his 20s wearing an orange, blue and green sweater, with an afro, possibly a white hat and a gray hoodie over the sweater. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
ORIGINAL POST: Shooting on U Way NE/42nd. One person injured in ankle. Suspect fled north on foot. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 2:31am Sat
March 9, 2023
UPDATE at 8:47pm: UWPD continues to investigate the stabbing near Padelford Garage. The victim, who does not appear to affiliated with the UW, is being transported to UW Medical Center - Montlake. No further suspect description has been provided and a suspect has not been located. Please stay vigilant. Any further updates will be provided here as they become available.
UPDATE at 8:30pm: An individual was stabbed near Padelford Garage. The suspect was reportedly a male with no further detailed description available. The suspect reportedly fled the area heading west. The victim does not appear to be affiliated with the UW.
ORIGINAL POST: Report of stabbing near Padelford Garage. UWPD on scene. Avoid area if possible. More info alert.uw.edu
Sent at 8:24 pm Thurs
January 26, 2023
UPDATED at 2:39 p.m. Thursday: Police have not found the man reportedly running near NE 47th St. and 16th Ave. NE with a gun, but continue to patrol the area. The man is described as between 40 and 50 years old, wearing a black, puffy jacket. The area is considered to be reopened. Please stay vigilant and do not engage with anyone who may be armed. Report any potential sightings to 911.
UPDATED at 2:25 p.m. Thursday: Seattle police and UWPD are checking the area of NE 47th St. near 16th Ave. NE for a man reportedly running with a handgun. Residents in the area should secure doors and windows and others should avoid the area, if possible. More information will provided here as it becomes available.
ORIGINAL POST: Police looking for man with handgun on 47th St. near 16th Ave. Secure doors, avoid area if possible. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 2:22pm Thu
January 10, 2023
UPDATE at 2:23 p.m. Tuesday: UW-IT has resolved the issue affecting the availability of many UW applications and of the UW Groups service. If you continue to have trouble accessing any UW web applications, you may need to quit and restart your browser to refresh your session. 
Some applications known to have been impacted were MyUW, Canvas, Panopto, Husky OnNet, Zoom, eSignatures, and Document Management. Requirements for two-factor authentication (2FA) with Duo were also not enforced during the outage.
We encourage you to sign up for the eOutage mailing list to find out about major UW-IT computing incidents in the future. You can sign up for eOutage here: https://eoutage.uw.edu/.
ORIGINAL POST: UW-IT engineers are investigating an outage that could prevent users from accessing content on pages such as my.uw.edu, and problems creating, updating, or accessing the UW Groups service. This may impact logging into services including, but not limited to Zoom, Canvas, MyUW, etc.
Updates will be provided here as they become available.
December 24, 2022
UPDATE at 1:24pm Saturday: Seattle police have not located the suspect or victim in the shooting incident on Roosevelt Ave. NE, near 42nd St. NE. Police will continue to investigate, but the area is being reopened. Please stay vigilant if you are in the area. Further updates will be provided here if they become available.
UPDATED at 1:04pm Saturday: The vehicle description has been updated to a black Chevy Malibu. No change to the license plate number.
UPDATED at 1:02pm Saturday: Seattle police are investigating a shooting that occurred outside of a business on Roosevelt Ave. NE near 42nd Ave. NE. A man is reported to have assaulted a woman before firing several gunshots. The shooter is described as a man about 5-foot-9 with a thin build, wearing a red shirt with a white hoodie. He fled in a white vehicle, license plate number CCW7030. The victim also left the scene and has yet to be located.
ORIGINAL POST: Shooting reported near 42nd Ave NE/Roosevelt at 12:46pm. Shooter fled in white vehicle. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 12:57pm Sat
December 19, 2022
[UPDATED at 4:25 p.m. Thursday, Dec. 22] 
The UW's Seattle campus on-site operations will be suspended Friday, Dec. 23, due to icy conditions in the area. UW Bothell and UW Tacoma had previously announced they will also maintain remote operations through Friday, Dec. 23. Please continue to check with your individual units, programs and campuses for more information.
Units are authorized to implement elements of their Business, Academic and Research Continuity (BARC) plans, as needed, to maintain critical functions.
More information will be provided here if there is any change in Seattle campus operations. Updates on weather-related plans at UW Bothell will be reported as they become available, and can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at tacoma.uw.edu/emergency. Weather-related Information for UW Medicine sites can be found at uwmedicine.org.
Please use caution when walking or driving on and around UW campuses. Here are some tips from UW Environmental Health & Safety to prevent slips, trips and falls while walking in wet or icy conditions.
The University encourages staff to work from home during suspended operations if operationally feasible.
Nonessential staff
If UW temporarily suspends nonessential operations due to severe weather or for other reasons, nonessential staff who can telework are encouraged to continue to do so during the operational suspension. Those who cannot telework or are unable to continue teleworking due to power outages or other impacts should follow the UW Suspended Operations Policy.
Essential staff
Under the UW Suspended Operations Policy, only staff performing essential functions and who are not in positions that lend themselves to telework are required to report to work on-site during suspended operations.
If you have questions about HR practices during suspended operations and inclement weather, please contact your unit's Human Resources Consultant. If you have questions about or need assistance with business continuity planning, please contact UW Emergency Management.
You can find helpful tools for assisting with suspended operations on the ISC's website. Managers can review which employees in their Sup Org hold "essential positions" and quickly prioritize who to contact in case of suspended operations by running the R0023 Emergency Contacts by Organization report in Workday (to find the report, type R0023 into the search box in Workday). In addition, non-essential employees can review the ISC's Suspended Operations webpage for guidance on how to record time when operations are suspended.
UW Athletics
For updates regarding athletics events, which are expected to take place as scheduled, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter.
More information
For updates about UW shuttle service, parking closures and links to transit snow routes, please see https://transportation.uw.edu/.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
December 13, 2022
UPDATE at 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: All clear. Seattle Fire Department's response to a potential hazardous materials incident at Hitchcock Hall, near NE Pacific Ave. and 15th Ave. NE, has ended and traffic is reopened.
UPDATE at 2:32 p.m. Tuesday: Seattle Fire Department is responding to a hazardous materials incident in Hitchcock Hall, resulting in the closure of eastbound traffic on NE Pacific Ave. near 15th Ave. NE. Please avoid the area, if possible.
ORIGINAL POST: SFD HazMat response at Hitchcock Hall. Road closed at e/b Pacific Ave. near 15th Ave. Avoid area. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 2:30pm Tue
December 1, 2022
UPDATED at 2:13 p.m. Thursday: UWPD has investigated and determined there is no credible threat in Kane Hall Room 130. There are no more closures to this room or other rooms in Kane Hall at this time.
UPDATED at 12:18 p.m. Thursday: UWPD was made aware of a post on an app claiming that there was a bomb in Kane Hall Room 130. UWPD cleared the room to begin investigating and there are no initial indications of a legitimate threat. Out of an abundance of caution, UWPD will continue to investigate and more information will be provided here as it becomes available.
UPDATED at 11:44 a.m. Thursday: UWPD is investigating an unconfirmed threat in Kane Hall Room 130. Out of an abundance of caution, the room has been evacuated to allow UWPD to conduct its work. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
ORIGINAL POST: Kane Hall 130 is being cleared due to an unconfirmed threat. UWPD is investigating. More info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 11:41am Thu
November 29, 2022
The UW Weather Status Assessment Group is monitoring the wintery conditions on and around our campuses and throughout the region. We will continue to provide updates here, as needed. Campus operations in Seattle are normal at this time. UW Bothell and UW Tacoma have announced delayed starts for Thursday, Dec. 1. UW Bothell will be on remote operations until 11 a.m., while UW Tacoma will delay the opening of campus until noon. Please continue to check with your individual units, programs and campuses for more information.
Units are authorized to implement elements of their Business, Academic and Research Continuity (BARC) plans, as needed, to maintain critical functions.
More information will be provided here if there is any change in campus operations. Updates on weather-related plans at UW Bothell will be reported as they become available, and can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at tacoma.uw.edu/emergency. Weather-related Information for UW Medicine sites can be found at uwmedicine.org.
Certain areas, such as overpasses and wooden walkways, have been pre-treated, however please use caution when walking or driving on and around UW campuses. Here are some tips from UW Environmental Health & Safety to prevent slips, trips and falls while walking in wet or icy conditions.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
October 27, 2022
UPDATE at 9:02 p.m. Seattle Police investigation is still ongoing and the suspect has not been found. Remain vigilant if in the area. Updates provided here as available.
UPDATE at 8:55 p.m. A suspect, possibly armed, entered a business located at the 1400 block of NE 42nd St. around 8:35 p.m. The suspect is described as a male, in his 30s or 40s, 5-foot-7, medium build, wearing a tan hat and dark brown pants. The suspect may have a gun and left the business in an unknown direction. No injuries have been reported. Seattle Police officers are in the area.
ORIGINAL POST at 8:50 p.m.: Attempted armed robbery at business at 1400 block of NE 42nd St. at 8:35pm. Avoid area. Info: alert.uw.edu
UPDATE at 3:41 p.m. Thursday: The sidewalk is taped off near 1401 NE 42nd Street (around University Way NE) due to a  potential building issue. Vehicle traffic is now open. The cause of the building issue has not yet been determined. Please use caution in the area and avoid sidewalks at the southeast corner of NE 42nd Street and University Way NE.
UPDATE at 3:23 p.m. Thursday: Seattle police has blocked pedestrian and vehicle traffic near NE 42nd Street and University Way NE due to glass windows on a building at 1401 NE 42nd Street that appear to be bulging and potentially dangerous. Please avoid the area until further notice.
ORIGINAL POST: Pedestrian, vehicle traffic stopped near NE 42 St./U Way NE. Danger of falling glass. Avoid area. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 3:20pm Thu
October 20, 2022
The UW Alert notification system will be tested on Thursday, Oct. 20, around 9 a.m.
Today is also Great ShakeOut 2022, an international earthquake drill. Read more about the drill, including activities in Washington state, here.
A test UW Alert message will be sent via email and text, and posted on the UW Alert Twitter feed and Facebook page, directing them to more information about preparing for earthquakes. If you don't already receive these UW Alert notifications, sign up and learn more here.
For more resources, check out UW Emergency Management's earthquake drill information and the international Great ShakeOut website.
In the video below, Harold Tobin, UW professor of Earth and space sciences and director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network, discusses seismic risks in our region.
October 18, 2022
UPDATE at 12:01 p.m. Tuesday: A person was sitting in a truck inside the Portage Bay Garage when a man knocked on the window to ask the time. The person gave him the time and then he became agitated, pulled a knife and scratched at the back of the truck. The person in the truck threatened to call the police and the man wielding the knife left the area, stabbing at a sign on the way out of the garage and fleeing northbound on 15th Ave. NE.
The man is described as having a slim build, possibly wearing a hat and possibly wearing a jacket. Please be alert to your surroundings if you are in the area.
ORIGINAL POST: Man made threats, pulled knife in Portage Bay Garage. No injuries. Suspect fled north on 15th Ave NE. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent @ 11:57am Tue
October 9, 2022
UPDATE at 6:51 a.m. Sunday: Police will continue to search for the suspect, however the area is being reopened. The man is believed to have entered through an unlocked door at the house. Please lock doors and windows, and remain vigilant. If you see the person in the photo below, please call 911.
UPDATE at 6:34 a.m. Sunday: Police are still searching for the suspect. Photo of the suspect is here:
UPDATE at 6:01 a.m. Sunday: Suspect may have have a tattoo on his arm, height possibly closer to 5-foot-8.
UPDATE at 5:57 a.m. Sunday: Seattle police are investigating a home invasion robbery in which a suspect may have had a black handgun. The suspect is described as a man in his 50s or 60s, 5-foot-10 with gray or black hair, no shirt and blue jeans. Avoid the area until further notice, if possible. People living in the area should stay inside and lock doors and windows until further notice.
ORIGINAL POST at 5:52 a.m. Sunday: Seattle PD investigating home invasion robbery on 4700 block of 18th Ave. NE. Avoid area. More info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 5:52am Sun
October 2, 2022
UPDATE at 2:22 a.m. Sunday: No suspect has been found in the U District shooting. Seattle PD has reopened the area. Please remain vigilant. Any further updates will be provided here as they become available.
UPDATE at 1:52 a.m. Sunday: A fourth victim with non-life-threatening injuries is reported to have been shot in this incident. Seattle police are still searching the area.
UPDATE at 1:22 a.m. Sunday: Three people are reported to have been shot at a business near the corner of NE 43rd Street and University Way NE. The suspect left the area on foot in an unknown direction of travel. The suspect is described as being a male around 6-foot-2 with a large build, a cut or gash near one eyebrow, wearing a dark-colored cap and dark hoodie. Please avoid the area until more information is provided. All three victims' injuries are not believed to be life threatening.
ORIGINAL POST at 1:15 a.m. Sunday: Shooting reported at business near NE 43rd St & U Way NE at 1:05am. Avoid area. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 1:15am Sun
September 12, 2022
UPDATE at 2:11 p.m. Monday: The individual injured by a fallen tree branch near NE 45th Street and 19th Avenue NE has been transported to a nearby hospital and is in satisfactory condition. Traffic is now mostly open in both directions.
UPDATE at 12:58 p.m. Monday: Traffic is blocked in both directions on NE 45th Street between 17th Ave. NE and 21st Ave. NE while emergency responders address a large tree branch in the roadway that fell and injured an individual. The individual is being transported to a nearby hospital and emergency responders are working to clear the roadway. There is considered to be no ongoing safety threat to the campus community. Please avoid the area until more information is provided.
ORIGINAL POST: Traffic disruption at NE 45th St/19th Ave NE due to emergency response. No threat to campus. More info: alert.uw.edu
Sent 12:52pm Mon
September 2, 2022
UPDATE at 10:17 a.m. Friday: Seattle Fire Department personnel have put out a small brush fire in the area west of the Center for Urban Horticulture. All clear. Any ongoing Seattle Fire Department presence in the area is due to training activities being conducted.
UPDATE at 10:11 a.m. Friday: Seattle fire and UWPD are responding to a small brush fire in the open area west of the Center for Urban Horticulture. Please avoid the area until more information is provided.
ORIGINAL POST: Fire response in grass area west of Center for Urban Horticulture. Avoid area. More info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 10:08am Fri
June 9, 2022
UPDATE at 7:20 p.m.: T-Mobile is reporting the outage issue is fully resolved.
UPDATE at 5:40 p.m.: T-Mobile indicated it has implemented a workaround and callers in the Puget Sound region, including in King and Pierce counties, should be able call and text 9-1-1 for emergencies.
ORIGINAL POST at 1:56 p.m.: T-Mobile is reportedly experiencing a regional outage that is affecting some customers in King and Pierce counties, as well as other parts of western Washington. Some users may not be able to call or text 9-1-1.
See the T-Mobile outage map: https://downdetector.com/status/t-mobile/map/
There is no known timeline for resolution yet.
May 25, 2022
UPDATE at 7:04 p.m.: Seattle Police and UWPD continue to investigate the stabbing at the U District Light Rail station on Brooklyn Ave. NE, but the suspect has not been found. Updates will be provided here as available.
UPDATE at 6:26 p.m.: Suspect described as a male, about 5-foot-8, medium build, wearing blue jeans, black hat and a black shirt, riding a bicycle.
ORIGINAL POST at 6:19 p.m.: Stabbing reported at U District Light Rail station on Brooklyn. Suspect may be on campus.
Police are at the scene of a stabbing in the 4300 block of Brooklyn Ave NE. Two victims reported at this time. Officers are searching the area for a suspect. More information when available.
- Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) May 26, 2022
May 24, 2022
UPDATE at 5:49 p.m.: Police have not located the suspect in the robbery at University Way NE and NE 43rd St. The scene is considered secure. All clear.
ORIGINAL POST at 5:30 p.m.: Police are reporting a robbery at a business on University Way NE and NE 43rd St. The suspect stole items and claimed to have a weapon, but none was seen. The suspect was last seen heading eastbound on NE 43rd St.
The suspect is described as a man, between the ages of 30 and 40, 5-foot-10 or 5-foot-11, dark hair, wearing green pants, a yellow jacket and a white T-shirt. If seen, please call 9-1-1.
More info will be provided here as available.
April 20, 2022
UPDATE at 4:45 p.m.: Verizon service has been restored for Washington state customers, including emergency calls to 9-1-1. Users are advised to restart their phones.
Officials with @Verizon tell us their network should be operational again in Washington state. Users impacted should power cycle their phones (turn off and on again). If you are still having issues, contact @VerizonSupport. #verizonoutage #verizondown
- WA Emergency Management (@waEMD) April 20, 2022
ORIGINAL POST at 3:12 p.m.: Verizon is experiencing a nationwide outage across the country and in the Seattle area. Some calls by Verizon customers, including to 9-1-1, may not go through.
Verizon customers experiencing an emergency can try Text-to-9-1-1, or call from a landline or a phone on another carrier. Please do not call or text 9-1-1 to test the system.
Verizon users can test their voice outage by calling #832.
There is no estimated time for when this issue will be resolved.
We're aware of issues affecting Verizon customers nationwide and in the Seattle area.
If you're a Verizon customer with a 9-1-1 emergency, try Text-to-9-1-1, or calling from a landline or a phone on another carrier.
Text-to-9-1-1 service is functioning for Verizon customers.
- King County, WA (@KingCountyWA) April 20, 2022
Updates will be provided here as available.
April 8, 2022
UPDATE at 11:55 a.m.: All clear. The issue around dialing 9-1-1 from Seattle campus has been resolved. Campus phones should now be able to reach UWPD when dialing 9-1-1. Please do not test the system. Only call 9-1-1 for a real emergency.
ORIGINAL MESSAGE sent at 9:08 a.m.:
Officials have reported a 9-1-1 issue affecting parts of the Seattle campus. To reach UWPD, please call 206-685-8973.
Typically, 9-1-1 calls from campus buildings go directly to UWPD. However, due to an unknown issue, some calls to 9-1-1 from campus buildings are being routed to Seattle Police Department dispatch, which then need to be transferred to UWPD dispatch. More info will be provided in this post when available.
March 23, 2022
The UW Indoor Alert system is being tested at 7:30 a.m. Friday, March 25 on the Seattle campus. This annual test serves to ensure that the Indoor Alert system is functioning properly in the event it is needed during a real emergency. The test is expected to last no more than 15 minutes. 
Updates will be provided here as needed. More information on the UW's various emergency alert tools can be found here.
UPDATE at 8 a.m.: The Indoor Alert test has concluded.
March 20, 2022
UPDATE at 1:38 p.m.: The Seattle police investigation is ongoing, but the scene is considered secure. Any further updates will be provided here as they become available.
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle police are investigating a shooting near 7th Ave. NE and the I-5 Express Lanes on- and off-ramps. There is no significant suspect description available. Please avoid the area. The suspect is believed to have left the scene in a full-sized white truck or SUV, such as a Chevrolet Avalanche or Honda Ridgeline. The direction of travel was unknown.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
March 5, 2022
UPDATE at 1:10 a.m. Saturday: Seattle police have tracked a cell phone that was taken in the reported armed robbery near NE 42nd St and Brooklyn Ave. NE to another area of the city. The scene in the U District is considered secure.
There were no reported injuries in the robbery.
ORIGINAL POST at 12:53 a.m. Saturday: Seattle police are responding to a reported armed robbery near NE 42nd St and Brooklyn Ave NE. The suspect displayed a firearm. Avoid the area, if possible. More information will be posted here as it becomes available.
March 1, 2022
UPDATE at 2:45 p.m.: The suspect in the reported carjacking at NE 42nd Street and University Way NE has not been found and is believed to have left the area. The scene has been cleared.
If anyone has information to report on this incident, contact UWPD at 206-685-8973.
ORIGINAL POST at 2:23 p.m.: Seattle Police have reported a carjacking that took place at NE 42nd Street and University Way NE around 2:05 p.m. The suspect displayed a weapon and then headed southbound on University Way NE in the vehicle, which is a silver Dodge Dart sedan. No injuries were reported. 
The suspect is described as a man, age 18 to 20, 5-foot-10, wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and a blue surgical mask. The suspect carried a firearm on his waistband. 
January 24, 2022
UPDATE at 11:35 a.m. Thursday: Seattle police reported Thursday that they arrested two suspects on Wednesday night in connection with this carjacking incident and are investigating their possible involvement in a string of other incidents in the University District. 
UPDATE at 8:52 p.m.: Seattle police have secured the scene of the attempted carjacking and continue to search the area for the suspect vehicle. The scene is considered clear. Anyone who sees the suspect vehicle is asked to call 911 with the information. Any further updates will be provided on this post as they become available. 
ORIGINAL POST: Two suspects attempted to carjack an individual near NE 45th Street and 21st Avenue NE. One of the suspects displayed a Taser-like weapon. They were not able to steal the victim's car and left westbound on NE 45th Street in a dark gray sedan, possibly a Honda, with silver rims and a temporary tag in the rear window and no license plate.   
Seattle police are on the scene and investigating. Please avoid the area. 
This post will be updated as more information becomes available.
January 16, 2022
UPDATE at 12:53 a.m.:  The area near a reported carjacking at NE 42nd Street and  University Way NE has been cleared. The stolen vehicle has been contacted by police near NE 153rd St and Bothell Way NE. All clear.
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle police are investigating a reported carjacking near NE 42nd Street and University Way NE. Please avoid the area. Two suspects, one who displayed a gold-colored handgun, stole a gray-colored Toyota Prius. More information will be provided here as it becomes available. 
December 29, 2021
The UW Weather Status Assessment Group is monitoring the snowy conditions on and around our campuses and throughout the region. Given minimal activities during the winter break, campus operations are normal at this time in Seattle and Bothell. UW Tacoma has announced suspended operations for Thursday, Dec. 30. Please continue to check with your individual units, programs and campuses for more information. 
Units are authorized to implement elements of their Business, Academic and Research Continuity (BARC) plans, as needed, to maintain critical functions.
More information will be provided here if there is any change in campus operations. Updates on weather-related plans at UW Bothell will be reported as they become available, and can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at tacoma.uw.edu/2021snow. Weather-related Information for UW Medicine sites can be found at uwmedicine.org.
Please use caution when walking or driving on and around UW campuses. See the status of Seattle campus shuttles, parking lots, streets and pathways here. 
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
(This post was updated at 8:35 a.m. Dec. 30 to reflect UW Tacoma's operational status on Dec. 30.)
December 9, 2021
UPDATE at 5:01 p.m.: All clear. 911 service has been restored across the region.
ORIGINAL POST at 4:03 p.m.: A 911 system outage throughout the region was reported Thursday afternoon. If you are on campus and need to reach UWPD in an emergency and experience any issues with 911, please call 206-685-8973. 
Elsewhere in Seattle, if you cannot connect to 911, please call 206-583-2111, 206-625-5011 or text 911 only for emergencies.
Please do not test 911.
This website provides alternative phone numbers for emergencies statewide, if needed: https://mil.wa.gov/911-alternative-phone-numbers
December 2, 2021
Around 1 p.m. Thursday, UWPD began receiving calls regarding an individual yelling that there was an active shooter on the Seattle campus. There is no active shooter on campus. The individual reportedly yelled this in Savery Hall and moved toward the HUB. UW police contacted the individual and confirmed that the claims were false and that there was no active shooter.
November 12, 2021
UPDATE at 10:55 a.m. Sunday: The University Bridge is back open and operating normally. Traffic has resumed to cars, bikes and pedestrians.
UPDATE: The University Bridge is back open! Thank you for your patience and please drive safely in the wet weather. pic.twitter.com/HoFyKtzjDq
- SDOT Traffic (@SDOTtraffic) November 14, 2021
UPDATE at 10:18 a.m. Saturday: The University Bridge is still stuck in an open position. SDOT does not expect a repair until this evening. Anyone coming to campus today, including for the 4 p.m. UW football game, must use alternate routes. Updates will be provided here as they become available.
UPDATE: The University Bridge remains stuck in an upright position. Crews continue to work on repairs and do not expect a repair until this evening. With today's Husky game, we encourage using @SoundTransit Link Light Rail for travel.
- SDOT Traffic (@SDOTtraffic) November 13, 2021
ORIGINAL POST: The University Bridge is stuck in an open position and has been for nearly two hours. Please use alternate routes until further notice. Follow @SDOTtraffic on Twitter for more updates, and this post will be updated as information becomes available.
The University Bridge is experiencing mechanical issues and is stuck in the upright position. Use alternate routes. pic.twitter.com/tkhSc1QHbD
- SDOT Traffic (@SDOTtraffic) November 12, 2021
Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 1:01:37 PM Fri
November 10, 2021
UPDATE at 10:50 a.m.: Seattle Police have opened all roads near the site of this morning's incident (17th Ave. NE between NE 47th St. and NE 50th St.) following their investigation.
UPDATE at 6:47 a.m.: Seattle Police have a suspect in custody without incident after an earlier carjacking that occurred in Seattle's Madison Valley neighborhood. Police took the suspect into custody after surrounding the suspect's vehicle on 17th Ave. NE between NE 47th St. and NE 50th St. The scene is now secure. Traffic closures may persist; please avoid the area.
Officers have taken the suspect into custody at 17 Ave Ne/Ne 47th St. traffic in the area will be difficult while the investigation continues. To clarify some misinformation, the vehicle stolen was not a @SeattleSPU truck. https://t.co/C4rpnHAIhX
- Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) November 10, 2021
UPDATE at 6:30 a.m.: Seattle Police have located a suspect in an earlier carjacking incident that occurred in Seattle's Madison Valley neighborhood and have surrounded the suspect's vehicle on 17th Ave. NE between NE 47th St. and NE 50th St. Traffic is blocked in the area. Please avoid the area.
ORIGINAL POST at 6:27 a.m.: Seattle Police investigation at 17th Ave NE between NE 47th St. and NE 50th St. Avoid the area.
October 28, 2021
UPDATE at 7:20 p.m: All clear. The hazardous materials response is complete and Seattle Fire Department has secured the area. The lab where the chemical spill occurred was in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Building, which is connected to the Paul G. Allen Center for Computer Science and Engineering. 
UPDATE at 6:47 p.m.: The person involved with the hazardous materials spill has been decontaminated and has no injuries. The lab where the spill occurred will be closed, locked, decontaminated and cleaned.
ORIGINAL POST at 6:30 p.m.: Seattle Fire Department is responding to a hazardous materials spill near the Paul G. Allen Center for Computer Science & Engineering (map). Please avoid the area. Updates will be provided here as available.
UW incident update: one person has some of the leaked substance on their clothes and is getting a decontamination wash down.
- Seattle Fire Dept. (@SeattleFire) October 29, 2021
October 20, 2021
The UW Alert notification system will be tested on Thursday, Oct. 21, around 10:21 a.m., in conjunction with the Great ShakeOut 2021, an international earthquake drill. Read more about the drill, including activities in Washington state, here.
A test UW Alert message will be sent via email and text, and posted on the UW Alert Twitter feed and Facebook page, reminding people about the drill and directing them to more information about preparing for earthquakes. If you don't already receive these UW Alert notifications, sign up and learn more here.
For more resources, check out UW Emergency Management's earthquake drill information and the international Great ShakeOut website.
In the video below, Harold Tobin, UW professor of Earth and space sciences and director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network, discusses seismic risks in our region.
July 27, 2021
UPDATE at 1:36 p.m.: Seattle police are on the scene of the reported armed robbery at a business at University Village. The suspect is believed to have left the area. The investigation continues, but the area is clear.
ORIGINAL POST: An armed robbery was reported at a business at University Village. The suspect reportedly displayed a gun at several people but did not fire and took some items before fleeing in a white van. The van was last seen headed northbound on Union Bay Place NE. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
June 24, 2021
[UPDATE at 12:32 p.m.] All clear. A suspect is in custody in relation to the armed robbery at a business in the 4300 block of University Way NE. Anyone who may have witnessed the robbery can contact the Seattle Police Department at 206-625-5011.
[ORIGINAL POST] An armed robbery was reported at a business in the 4300 block of University Way NE. The suspect displayed a handgun before leaving the business. There is no suspect description at this point.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
May 13, 2021
UPDATE at 2:23 p.m. on May 17: Police have arrested the suspect in the attempted armed robbery Thursday at Triangle Garage, and he currently is in custody at King County Jail.
UPDATE at 10:33 a.m. on May 13: The suspect in the attempted robbery at the Triangle Garage near UW Medical Center remains at large, and UWPD is continuing its investigation. The suspect description and photos are below. The suspect is armed; if you see the suspect, don't attempt to make contact and instead call 9-1-1.
UPDATE at 9:48 a.m. on May 13: Police report an attempted robbery at the Triangle Garage near UW Medical Center. The suspect was reportedly attempting to prowl a car, when the victim confronted the individual, who displayed a handgun. The suspect fled the parking garage and was last seen at the bus stop on the south side of NE Pacific St. Police are still trying to locate the suspect.
The suspect was described as a heavyset man, with long stringy hair, wearing a dark blue jacket, blue jeans, a white pattered shirt and a blue face mask. He was carrying a briefcase. Photos from security camera footage are below. Contact UWPD with any information: 206-685-8973.
Security camera footage from May 13, 2021.
Security camera footage from May 13, 2021.
ORIGINAL POST at 9:42 a.m. on May 13: Robbery with handgun pointed at victim @ Triangle Garage. Avoid area. More: alert.uw.edu
May 6, 2021
The UW is partnering with the City of Seattle to host a Johnson & Johnson one-dose vaccine pop-up clinic at Alder Commons now, until 3 p.m. (Thursday, May 6).
Find more information at uw.edu/coronavirus.
April 19, 2021
UPDATE at 9:45pm: Police investigation of the reported armed robbery near U Village continues. The scene is cleared. More information will be provided here if it becomes available.
ORIGINAL POST: Reported armed robbery at a business on NE 45th St, immediately southeast of U Village around 9pm. Seattle police are searching the area. Avoid if possible. Suspect described as a man wearing all black clothing and a skeleton face mask. Reportedly displayed a short-barrel rifle. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
Anyone with information about the incident can contact SPD's non-emergency phone line at 206-625-5011.
February 12, 2021
UPDATED at 2:20 p.m. Sunday: The UW's Seattle campus operations will remain suspended through Monday, Feb. 15, due to significant snow and potentially ongoing icy conditions around the region. Normal operations are expected to resume on the Seattle campus Tuesday, Feb. 16. Any updates will be announced accordingly.
With the University already in modified operational status due to COVID-19 - and due to the holiday weekend - the potential effect of this temporary suspension of nonessential operations due to weather conditions may be minimized because many employees, instructors and students should be able to continue their activities from their alternative work locations.
UW Bothell and UW Tacoma have also suspended operations through Monday. Visit uwb.edu/emergency for UW Bothell updates. Visit emergency.tacoma.uw.edu for UW Tacoma updates.
Nonessential employeesUnder current COVID-19 modified operations, the majority of the University's faculty, staff and student employees (defined in policy as nonessential to on-campus operations) are teleworking. Employees who are teleworking and scheduled to work Saturday should continue to do so during suspended operations. Those who cannot telework or are unable to continue teleworking due to weather-related impacts (e.g., power outage) or changes in telework circumstances as a result of operational suspension should follow the UW Suspended Operations Policy.
Essential employeesEmployees identified by their unit as performing an essential service - and who must come to campus during the COVID-19 pandemic - are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation.
Students and instructorsClasses that are being taught remotely should continue to do so during suspended operations. Instructors who are unable to teach remotely due to weather-related impacts should communicate directly with students and provide alternatives as appropriate. Students who are unable to participate remotely due to weather-related impacts should similarly communicate with their instructor. In-person instruction will not meet on campus during suspended operations. Instructors currently teaching in person should communicate in advance with students about expectations for remote instruction or alternative class assignments.
UW AthleticsFor updates regarding athletics events - which are being held with no spectators in attendance in adherence to state guidelines - please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter.
More informationIf you have questions about HR practices during suspended operations and inclement weather, please contact your unit's Human Resources Consultant. If you have questions about or need assistance with business continuity planning, please contact UW Emergency Management at disaster@uw.edu.
For updates about UW shuttle service, parking closures and links to transit snow routes, please see https://transportation.uw.edu/.
January 18, 2021
[UPDATE 1:15 p.m.] All clear. Seattle Fire Department personnel could not confirm any smell of gas in the area of the J&K Wing loading dock at the Health Sciences Building and are wrapping up their response. Puget Sound Energy will continue to investigate, but the area is now clear.
[UPDATE 12:57 p.m.] The Seattle Fire Department is investigating a report of the smell of gas at the J&K wing loading dock of the Health Sciences Building. Please avoid the area until further notice.
More information will be provided on this page as it becomes available.
[ORIGINAL POST at 12:54 p.m.] SFD investigating smell of gas at J&K wing load dock (Health Sciences bldg). Avoid area. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 12:54pm Mon
December 24, 2020
Seattle Fire Department crews are responding to a large fire in a vacant commercial building in the University District, near Roosevelt Way NE and NE 50th St. No injuries have been reported at this time.
Please avoid the area. Road closures are in places and traffic is being diverted to accommodate the fire response.
Crews are investigating reports of a fire near a commercial building at Roosevelt Way NE & NE 50th St. Please avoid the area. @SDOTtraffic
- Seattle Fire Dept. (@SeattleFire) December 24, 2020
More updates are being posted on Seattle Fire's Twitter feed.
October 22, 2020
A 911 system outage in the state of Washington was reported Thursday afternoon. UWPD's system may have been affected briefly but appears to be working normally. Please do not test 911.
If you are on campus and need to reach UWPD in an emergency and experience any issues with 911, please call 206-685-8973.
This website provides alternative phone numbers for emergencies statewide, if needed: https://mil.wa.gov/911-alternative-phone-numbers
September 30, 2020
UPDATE at 1:11 PM: The fire response at Stevens Court has been cleared, and all surrounding roads are open.
UPDATE at 12:24 PM: The fire in an apartment unit kitchen in Stevens Court has been extinguished. Seattle Fire Department crews remain on scene to help with smoke and water clean-up. One person sustained a minor burn injury.
A stovetop fire and smoke activated the building's sprinkler system, causing some water damage to the apartment and surrounding units, officials said. Fire crews are working to clear water and smoke from the building.
Traffic closures are still in place on Brooklyn Ave. NE between NE 40th St. and NE Pacific St. Please continue to avoid the area.
ORIGINAL POST at 12:16 PM: Fire response at Stevens Court. Traffic closures; avoid area. More info alert.uw.edu
September 14, 2020
[Update at 11:55 a.m.]: Seattle Fire Department officials have investigated and cleared the hazardous materials response at the Molecular Engineering & Sciences Building. An alarm was triggered due to an issue with the ventilation system in the building. There was no leak or release of hazardous materials. Anyone who is authorized to work in the building is allowed to re-enter.
[Update at 11:28 a.m.]: The Seattle Fire Department is responding to a possible hazardous materials incident inside the Molecular Engineering & Sciences Building near Grant Lane and Stevens Way. Please avoid the area until further notice. More updates will be provided here as they become available.
[ORIGINAL POST: 11:22 a.m.]: SFD responding to possible HazMat incident @ Molecular Eng & Sciences Bldg. Avoid area. Updates: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 11:22 a.m. Mon
August 30, 2020
[UPDATED at 4:26 p.m.]: Seattle police investigated a reported shooting inside a business near NE 47th St. & Roosevelt Ave. NE. They determined the shooting appeared to have been accidental and there is no suspect outstanding.
[ORIGINAL POST at 4:08 p.m. Sunday]: Report of shooting inside business near NE 47th St & Roosevelt Ave. NE. SPD on scene. Avoid area. More info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 4:08pm Sun
August 28, 2020
[UPDATE 11:25 a.m.] Suspect: Male, 5 10" wearing dark jacket, dark sunglasses, bandana, carrying a brown or orange-colored bag. Last known direction of travel was east of the bank.
No injuries have been reported.
A large police presence is in the area. Seattle Police are continuing to investigate.
Further updates will be provided as they become available.
[ORIGINAL POST 10:53 a.m.] There was a bank robbery at U Way NE and NE 47th St. Report of a shot fired. There is a large police presence. Avoid the area.
More information will be provided when available.
June 3, 2020
We have heard concerns and criticism from many members of the UW community and beyond about the UW Advisory and UW Alert messages that went out Monday ahead of and during some demonstrations near University Village. Bottom line: We hear you and we will take this feedback seriously moving forward.
The notification system is designed to provide information to the UW community about disruptions or emergencies that could threaten their safety. (Learn more about the notification system here). The first advisory was sent as a precaution about a protest that police had reason to believe was intended to incite violence, property damage and theft, and not as a peaceful demonstration intended to call attention to the very real and serious issue of systemic racism. In hindsight, it is clear that the initial note to avoid the area could be read as a directive to not attend a protest. That was not its intention but in retrospect, we should have been clearer and will aim to in the future.
Regarding the second message, the Safeway store near University Village was broken into and was being looted by several people. As part of this incident, an individual who we learned later is a UW student was assaulted by multiple people trying to force their way into the store. All of this occurred within a span of about 15 minutes and the decision was made to send a UW Alert message to advise the UW community about a potentially dangerous situation, especially considering the location which has student housing around it in multiple directions.
A nearby traffic camera that was pointed toward Safeway showed a peaceful group of protestors sitting in the Safeway parking lot, and some helicopter footage showed University Village itself was heavily guarded and clear of anyone except for police patrolling the area. UW police contacts on the ground reported the activity at Safeway, and confirmed that the broken windows and looting was out of view of these cameras. We made the decision to send the message based on the information available at the time and did not intend to imply that the full group was involved in any such activity.
Finally, every time the Crisis Communications Team is convened, we conduct an after-action review to assess, analyze and learn from every decision we make and every message we send. We understand that words matter, and we will take this feedback and consider it when making future decisions.
June 1, 2020
[UPDATE at 5:35 p.m.] A large police presence remains near University Village. Please continue to avoid the area. A reminder that the citywide curfew begins at 6 p.m.
[UPDATE at 5:03 p.m.] Police are on site and handling the disturbance. Please continue to avoid the area.
Police report that one person was injured and taken to the hospital. No arrests have been made.
[UPDATE at 4:38 p.m.] A large group has formed around University Village and people are smashing store windows and looting businesses. Traffic closures are in place near NE 45th St. and 25th Ave. NE. Please avoid the area and find alternative routes.
[UPDATE at 2:34 p.m.] The following UW Housing & Food Services service modifications are in effect:
[UPDATE at 2:30 p.m.] Please avoid roadways around campus, to the extent possible, to allow emergency vehicles to access the area if needed.
[UPDATE at 2:25 p.m.] Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan has announced a citywide curfew of 6 p.m. Monday through 5 a.m. Tuesday.
[ORIGINAL POST at 2:10 p.m.] Police are monitoring a potential protest at University Village this afternoon. Members of the UW community who are on or around campus are advised to avoid the U Village area. Businesses there are closing early. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
May 31, 2020
As a reminder, the City of Seattle has imposed a curfew for Sunday night, beginning at 5 p.m. and remaining in place until 5 a.m. Monday. Residents are asked to stay home and not to travel in and through downtown.
The curfew comes after some demonstrations Saturday in downtown Seattle turned violent and fires were intentionally set, according to Mayor Jenny Durkan's announcement, and it is intended "to preserve the safety of our residents by keeping our streets safe and accessible for essential workers and first responders and preventing the further spread of COVID-19."
The curfew is intended to be observed voluntarily and will not be enforced "except for violations that result in public health and safety threats," the mayor's announcement states. More details on the curfew can be found on the City of Seattle's website here.
May 30, 2020
[UPDATE at 5:53 p.m.] Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan has issued a news release announcing the curfew. Here are the primary points:
Mayor Jenny A. Durkan, Police Chief Carmen Best, and Fire Chief Harold Scoggins announced an 5:00 p.m. curfew effective today, May 30 and tomorrow, May 31. Mayor Durkan will soon be signing an emergency order. The curfew will be in effect from 5:00 pm - 5:00 am, and during those hours residents and visitors should remain in their residence to the extent possible and should refrain from traveling in and through Seattle. The curfew is intended to prevent violence and widespread property damage, and to prevent the further community spread of COVID-19 through continued gathering.
Read the full release and further details here.
[UPDATE at 5:45 p.m.] On the UW campus, District Market and Local Point will be closing soon as a result of the citywide curfew.
[ORIGINAL POST at 5:30 p.m.] The City of Seattle has imposed an immediate 5 p.m. curfew due to fires and an extremely dangerous situation downtown. Residents are asked to stay home, stay safe. More updates will be provided here as they become available.
Sent at 5:28:37 PM Sat
April 9, 2020
UPDATE at 10:49 p.m.: Seattle police have not yet located the suspect and will continue investigating. Any further update will be provided here as it becomes available.
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle police are searching the U-District area for a male suspect in an armed robbery that was reported at a business in the 4200 block of University Way NE. The suspect may have a knife and there is no further description confirmed at this time. Please avoid the area.
March 23, 2020
Please disregard a UW Advisory message which was erroneously sent at 8:33 p.m. to the entire UW list. The message was intended only for a small group of researchers and staff at Friday Harbor Labs (FHL).
We apologize for any confusion and are looking into the cause of the error.
March 3, 2020
UPDATE at 7:15 a.m. Wednesday, March 4: Access to campus buildings is restored. Employee Husky cards should allow access to buildings as normal.
UPDATE at 9:06 p.m.: Husky card access to some campus buildings may be delayed through Wednesday, but buildings should unlock at normal times Wednesday morning. This post will be updated when all building access is restored.
UPDATE at 4:45 p.m.: Door access is still not working for employees in some campus buildings, and Husky cards will not open doors after they auto-lock this evening. Repairs are ongoing, and officials expect all buildings will be accessible with Husky cards by early Wednesday morning.
If a UW employee has an urgent need to enter their building after hours, contact UWPD's non-emergency line at 206-685-8973.
Impacted buildings:
Wallace Hall
Allen Library
Architecture
Art Building
Bagley Hall
William H. Foege
Community Design Building
Clark Hall
Corp Yard buildings
Fluke Hall
Facilities Admin Building
Gould Hall
Gates Law
Gerberding Hall
Guthrie Hall
Guggenhiem Hall
Haggett Hall
Magnuson Health Sciences
Husky Union Building (HUB)
Johnson Hall
Kirsten Wind Tunnel
Lewis Hall
Mechanical Engineering Building
Merril Hall
Mary Gates Hall
Meany Hall
Marine Science Building
Odegard Library
PACCAR Hall
Plant Services Building
Blue Flame Building (off campus)
Puget Sound Plaza (off campus)
Raitt Hall
Savery Hall
South Campus Center
Sand Point Building 25 Piediactric Dentistry
Sandpoint Building 5
Suzzullo Library
UW Tower Building C
UW Tower Building S
UW Tower Building T
Western Ave (off campus)
UPDATE at 4:09 p.m.: Work on the Husky card malfunction is ongoing and there is no estimated time yet for repairs to the system. This post will be updated with more information.
ORIGINAL Post at 12:28 p.m. Tuesday, March 3: Some UW employees are not able to access some campus buildings due to a Husky card malfunction. Student cards do not appear to be impacted.
UW Information Technology is aware of the problem and is working on a fix. Updates will be provided here as available.
January 28, 2020
UPDATE at 2:22pm: The area around Key Bank is secure while Seattle police continue to search for the armed robbery suspect in the area. Updates will be provided here as they become available.
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle police are investigating a robbery at Key Bank, NE 45th St. and Brooklyn Ave. NE. The suspect displayed a gun and is described as a male in his 30s with dark complexion, wearing black jeans, black sweatshirt and a red beanie. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
If you see the suspect, call 911.
January 22, 2020
UPDATE at 1:00 p.m.: Police are clearing the scene of the armed robbery in the 4500 block of Roosevelt Way NE. The suspect was not located. Report any leads to 911.
ORIGINAL POST at 12:31 p.m.: Police report an armed robbery in the 4500 block of Roosevelt Way NE around 12:20 p.m. The suspect displayed an ax, which was concealed beneath his jacket. The suspect is described as a male in his 30s with dark complexion, about 5-foot-7, medium build with face tattoos, and wearing a gray coat and large pink headphones. He was last seen headed north. Seattle police are on the scene and investigating. If seen call 911.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
January 15, 2020
UPDATE at 3:24 p.m.: Seattle police have cleared the scene of the robbery. The suspect was not located. More details will be provided here as available.
UPDATE at 3:15 p.m.: Seattle police are still searching for the robbery suspect in the area near NE 42nd St. and 7th Ave NE. Please avoid the area.
ORIGINAL POST at 2:41 p.m.: A person was robbed near the intersection of NE 42nd St. and 7th Ave NE around 2:25 p.m. Wednesday. A male suspect, about 30 years old, displayed a handgun. Direction of travel was unknown. Seattle police are on the scene with K-9 and investigating. Please avoid the area.
Suspect was wearing a black jacket, brown pants, and has a slightly gray, short beard. Also wearing a hoodie that was seen but not over his head at the time. Seattle police are deploying their K-9.
January 14, 2020
UPDATE at 4:30 a.m.: Operations at the UW's Seattle campus will be delayed until 9:30 a.m. Wednesday due to icy conditions surrounding campus affecting transportation in the area.
If you feel your commute is unsafe, please contact your instructors or supervisors to discuss alternate arrangements.
UW Bothell has announced it will delay opening until 10:30 a.m. and further updates for Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. Updates for UW Tacoma remains on a normal schedule, and updates can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time-off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations, so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager. Non-essential employees and essential employees whose responsibilities can be accomplished through telework should not come to campus.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
With several area schools also closing, classified and professional staff can learn about the UW's leave time for emergency family care in the event here: https://hr.uw.edu/ops/leaves/family-care-emergency-absences/
For updates about UW shuttle service, parking closures and links to transit snow routes, please see https://transportation.uw.edu/.
There are no athletics events scheduled for Monday. For updates on events this week, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
ORIGINAL POST: UW officials are monitoring overnight weather conditions and a decision on Seattle campus operations for Wednesday, Jan. 15, will be announced by 4:30 a.m. With snow and ice in the forecast, UW Facilities crews will continue to pre-treat and clear roadways and walkways around Seattle campus.
The north end of the Puget Sound region continues to experience the majority of impact from snow and ice accumulation. Updates for UW Bothell, which was closed Tuesday, can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
UPDATE at 1:35 p.m.: UW officials will continue to monitor weather conditions throughout the day and night, and any updates to campus status will be provided at alert.uw.edu for the Seattle campus. Please check directly with organizers of any events or activities planned to occur on campus Tuesday evening.
Updates for UW Bothell, which is closed today (Tuesday), can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. Updates for UW Tacoma, which is operating as normal today, can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
ORIGINAL POST: Operations at the UW's Seattle and Tacoma campuses are normal Tuesday, Jan. 14. Please exercise caution getting to campus, and check with instructors and supervisors if your commute seems unsafe.
UW Bothell has announced it is closed Tuesday, and all classes and activities are canceled.
Updates on the status in Seattle will be provided on this page. UW Tacoma remains on a normal schedule, and updates can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu. Further updates for Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
During icy weather, there are some areas that may be slippery and other potential hazards exist.
UW Facilities have been at work since 4 a.m. clearing and treating roads, pathways and entryways, operating and maintaining the power plant, utilities distribution systems and critical building mechanical systems, and providing critical transportation services to enable an effective return to normal operations for the UW. As normal operations resume, flexibility and patience are encouraged and appreciated.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
January 12, 2020
UPDATE at 12:15 p.m.: The UW's Seattle and Bothell campuses have resumed normal operations after delayed starts Monday morning due to icy and snowy conditions in the area. Please check alert.uw.edu for continued weather-related updates throughout the week, as needed.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
ORIGINAL POST: Operations at the UW's Seattle campus will be delayed until at least 9:30 a.m. Monday due to snowy and potentially icy conditions surrounding campus. Any updates regarding start times will be provided on this page as they become available.
UW Bothell has announced it will delay opening until 10:30 a.m., and further updates for Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency. UW Tacoma remains on a normal schedule, and updates can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
Faculty, staff and students with concerns about specific work, events or activities are encouraged to communicate with their supervisors, instructors and event organizers.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time-off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations, so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager. Non-essential employees and essential employees whose responsibilities can be accomplished through telework should not come to campus.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
With several area schools also closing, classified and professional staff can learn about the UW's leave time for emergency family care in the event here: https://hr.uw.edu/ops/leaves/family-care-emergency-absences/
For updates about UW shuttle service, parking closures and links to transit snow routes, please see https://transportation.uw.edu/.
There are no athletics events scheduled for Monday. For updates on events this week, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
November 18, 2019
UPDATE at 11:26 a.m.: All clear. Seattle Fire Department determined there is no gas leak at Raitt Hall. The smell may be related to construction nearby.
ORIGINAL POST at 11:02 a.m.: There are reports of a gas smell at Raitt Hall in the Quad (map). Seattle Fire Department is on the scene. Please avoid the area and building.
This post will be updated as more information becomes available.
October 16, 2019
The UW Alert notification system will be tested on Thursday, Oct. 17 around 10:17 a.m., in conjunction with the Great ShakeOut 2019, an international earthquake drill.
A test UW Alert message will be sent via email and text reminding people about the drill and directing them to more information about preparing for earthquakes. If you don't already receive these UW Alert notifications, sign up and learn more here.
The UW Outdoor Alert notification system will also be tested the morning of Oct. 17.
The 2019 Great Washington ShakeOut will take place at 10:17 a.m. on Oct. 17. The event is part of an international effort that encourages organizations and individuals to practice what to do in an earthquake.
More information:
Harold Tobin, UW professor of Earth and space sciences and director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network, discusses seismic risks in the Pacific Northwest.
October 14, 2019
UPDATE at 5:57 p.m.: All clear. The gas leak near UW Tower has been resolved. Expect traffic delays in the area tonight and Tuesday morning as crews continue work in the area. The UW Tower and nearby buildings are clear for re-entry.
UPDATE at 5:30 p.m.: Crews have secured the gas leak near UW Tower, at Brooklyn Ave NE and NE 45th St. Officials are checking nearby buildings and will reopen them when they are deemed safe, by approximately 6 p.m. The UW Tower is now clear for entry.
Roads in the area will begin to open, though officials advise that eastbound NE 45th St. will likely remain closed to traffic for several hours.
UPDATE at 3:32 p.m.: Seattle FD has updated the evacuation map again, now north to NE 47th St.
UPDATE at 3:10 p.m.: Seattle FD has updated the evacuation map:
UPDATE at 3 p.m.: Officials are estimating two to three hours before the gas leak at Brooklyn Ave. NE and NE 45th St. is cleared. The perimeter has also been extended to the east from University Way NE to 15th Ave. NE. The perimeter to the north is NE 47th St.
UPDATE at 2:35 p.m.: Fire and utility crews are still working to address the gas leak at Brooklyn Ave. NE and NE 45th St. Anyone leaving the UW Tower is asked to move to the south of the building.
Here is the evacuation map shared by Seattle FD:
NE 45th St. and Brooklyn Ave. NE: this is the current evacuation zone, please continue to avoid the area until the leak is secured. PSE has arrived on scene. pic.twitter.com/ryBVu2c9eY
- Seattle Fire Dept. (@SeattleFire) October 14, 2019
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle Fire Department is responding to a reported gas leak at a construction site at Brooklyn Ave. NE and NE 45th St. near the UW Tower.
The Tower is currently being evacuated. Please avoid the area. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
October 2, 2019
UPDATE at 4:21 p.m.: The fire response is ending. All roadways are open and traffic is moving around UW Medical Center. Some fire vehicles will remain in the area.
UPDATE at 3:53 p.m.: The fire is out and there have been no reported injuries. The investigation will continue and the area will remain congested for some time with fire vehicles.
UPDATE at 3:41 p.m.: Authorities are advising this is a relatively small fire on the first floor of the medical center and it is under control, however smoke continues to be visible. Please remain away from the area while the response continues.
ORIGINAL POST: The Seattle Fire Department is responding to a confirmed fire at UW Medical Center. Please avoid the area. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
September 25, 2019
UPDATE at 8:40 p.m.: The roads near the Bowman Building are now open. Some Seattle Fire units are still on the scene, but the building is secure and the substance is contained.
4600 block of Union Bay Place NE: hazmat crews contained the substance and building is secure. No injuries reported and all units returning to service. pic.twitter.com/5CnFjZCqfg
- Seattle Fire Dept. (@SeattleFire) September 26, 2019
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
ORIGINAL POST at 6:33 p.m. Seattle Fire Department officials are responding to a hydrofluoric acid spill in a lab facility in the Bowman Building (map) near the Blakely Village apartments and University Village shopping center.
Road closures are in place on Union Bay Place NE between NE 45th St. and NE 50th St. Please avoid the area.
The Bowman Building has been evacuated and one person was taken to the hospital for minor exposure. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
4600 block of Union Bay Place NE: confirmed hydrofluoric acid spill in a lab facility. Spill is confined to one area and hazmat crews are making their way into building to contain the substance. One patient in stable condition transported to HMC by our paramedics.
- Seattle Fire Dept. (@SeattleFire) September 26, 2019
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
4600 block of Union Bay Place NE: building is completely evacuated. No additional patients have been identified. pic.twitter.com/LvhwYN8kJj
- Seattle Fire Dept. (@SeattleFire) September 26, 2019
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
September 20, 2019
UPDATE AT 11:28 p.m.: 
Seattle police is clearing the scene and reopening the area.
UPDATE AT 11:20 p.m.:
The Seattle police bomb squad has arrived and diffused the package. The area will remain closed off while the investigation continues.
ORIGINAL POST:
Seattle police are investigating a suspicious package that was reported outside the post office near the corner of NE 43rd St and University Way NE. Police have cordoned off the area. Please avoid the area until further notice. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
September 19, 2019
UPDATE at 11:12 a.m.: All clear. Police searched the area and found a roofer with a long pry bar that was mistaken for a rifle by a caller. No weapons were found. The area near NE 45th St. and University Way NE has been cleared.
ORIGINAL POST at 10:51 a.m.: Seattle and UW police are investigating a report of a possible armed person who was said to have been seen on a rooftop near the intersection of NE 45th St. and University Way NE. Please the avoid area, if possible.
Two individuals are described to have been seen wearing green Army fatigues with one of them apparently carrying a long rifle. SPD is actively searching the area.
The search for the individuals is moving west toward Brooklyn Ave. NE.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
September 5, 2019
The UW Indoor Alert system is being tested at 7 a.m. Thursday, Sept. 5. This annual test serves to ensure that the Indoor Alert system is functioning properly in the event it is needed during a real emergency. The test is expected to last no more than 15 minutes. Updates will be provided here as needed.
UPDATE at 7:31 a.m.: The test has concluded.
August 28, 2019
The Seattle Fire Department is using the South tower of Haggett Hall on the UW campus for non-destructive high-rise training from Aug. 30 to Sept. 6.
The training will occur between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. each day on Aug. 30, 31, Sept. 1, 3, 4, 5 and 6. This training has been coordinated with UW Housing & Food Services and the South tower of Haggett Hall is not currently occupied.
During the training, fire department personnel will respond in sequence to Haggett in a staged fashion representing a typical initial fire response to a high-rise building. When they arrive, the fire crews will enter the building with equipment to practice high-rise procedures. Between seven and nine fire department vehicles (fire engines, ladder trucks, and chief vehicles) will be staged near the building. SFD will not be utilizing sirens or building-wide alarms during this training.
No campus road or parking lot closures are planned in relation to this training.
August 14, 2019
UPDATE at 10:26 p.m.: Seattle police homicide detectives are still on the scene after a fatal stabbing in the alley near NE 43rd St. and University Way NE. The area is cordoned off and will remained closed until detectives complete their investigation. No suspect details have been released.
UPDATE at 8 p.m.: Seattle police have confirmed the stabbing response is now a homicide investigation. Suspect information will be provided as it becomes available.
Homicide investigation going on now after man was stabbed in the 1400 block of NE 43 Street. The victim was pronounced deceased. Police actively searching for the suspects. Will update with additional information when it is available.
- Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) August 15, 2019
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
UPDATE at 7:51 p.m.: There is a significant police and emergency response near the intersection of NE 43rd St. and University Way NE after a stabbing occurred in an alley between NE 43rd and NE 42nd street shortly after 7 p.m. Seattle police have not yet determined a suspect description. More information will be shared here as it becomes available.
Sent at 7:45:48 PM Wed
August 1, 2019
UPDATE at 7:32 a.m.: Officials have cleared the area and the medical response is over. The streets and sidewalks are open to vehicles, cyclists and pedestrians.
ORIGINAL POST at 6:17 a.m.: Seattle Fire Department is responding to a medical emergency on Montlake Blvd. NE just north of the Montlake Bridge. Please avoid the area.
Officials report that a passerby came upon an individual unconscious and unresponsive north of the bridge.There was no obvious sign of physical trauma or injury to the person.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
July 26, 2019
Stevens Way closures start Monday, July 29. Bus reroutes until Aug. 30. More info: http://bit.ly/2Zgo2ua
Sent at 11:01:40 AM Fri
July 8, 2019
UPDATE at 11:33 a.m.: Seattle Fire Department personnel responded around 4:30 a.m. Monday to a report of an individual needing medical attention near NE 47th Street and NE University Way and found a man deceased near a bus enclosure. Seattle police responded and determined it was likely a homicide and detectives were called in to investigate. There is no known threat to the UW campus community. A description of the suspect will be provided when it becomes available.
Seattle police report the following:
Detectives were called out to the scene. During the course of the investigation, they learned that the victim was present during a physical fight with several other males hours earlier in the same location. The victim appeared to have been assaulted. Investigators are looking into whether there is a connection between the earlier fight and the man's death.
Seattle Police are working closely with the King County Prosecutor and the King County Medical Examiner's Office, which will determine the cause and manner of death. This incident is being investigated as a homicide.
This remains an active and on-going investigation. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Seattle Police Department tip line at (206) 233-5000.
ORIGINAL POST at 8:12 a.m.: Seattle police are investigating a suspicious death near NE 47th St. and NE University Way that occurred in the early morning hours (around 4:30 a.m.). Some traffic in the area is being diverted. There is not believed to be any immediate threat at this time, but please avoid the area until further notice while police conduct their work.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
June 27, 2019
UPDATE at 6:18 p.m.: Seattle Fire responded to what may have developed into a hazardous materials incident near the Mechanical Engineering Building on East Stevens Way NE. Officials assessed the situation and determined there was no HazMat response required. The scene is stable - all clear.
ORIGINAL POST at 6:00 p.m.: Seattle Fire Department is responding to a possible hazardous materials incident near the Mechanical Engineering Building on East Stevens Way NE (map).
Please avoid the area. More info will be provided here as it becomes available.
June 11, 2019
UPDATE at 2:03 p.m.: The water is clear and traffic is open in front of the Health Sciences Center on NE Pacific Street.
UPDATE at 1:50 p.m.: All lanes of traffic on NE Pacific Street between 15th Ave. NE and Montlake Blvd. are open.
UPDATE at 1:41 p.m.: One lane of eastbound traffic on NE Pacific Street between 15th Ave. NE and Montlake Blvd. is now open to travel. Traffic remains fairly congested in the area.
UPDATE at 1:24 p.m.: UWPD reports that there is standing water near the Rotunda at the Health Sciences Center I-Wing. Please avoid the area until further notice.
Map: https://www.washington.edu/maps/#!/hsi
UPDATE at 1 p.m.: Traffic on eastbound NE Pacific Street is being redirected until further notice. Please avoid the area, if possible.
ORIGINAL POST (12:40 p.m.): A water main break near Hitchcock Hall, in proximity to 15th Ave. NE and NE Pacific St. is disrupting traffic in the area. The intersection is currently closed while crews work to stop the flow of water.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
May 21, 2019
More than a dozen Seattle Fire Department units were dispatched to Fluke Hall on the UW campus around 1 p.m. Tuesday due to an automatic Hazardous Materials alarm. The area was quickly determined to be safe and people are returning to the building.
May 13, 2019
UPDATE at 5:01 a.m.: The initial police response to the shooting at NE 47th Street and NE University Way is complete. Investigators are still on the scene. The suspect is believed to have left the area.
UPDATE at 4:46 a.m.: The suspect vehicle, described only as a red car, was believed headed southbound on NE Brooklyn Ave. from NE 47th St.
ORIGINAL POST: Seattle police are investigating a possible shooting in the area of NE 47th St and NE University Way around 4:30 a.m. Monday after a man walked into a business with a gunshot wound. The suspect left in a red vehicle. Avoid the area.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
March 29, 2019
UW Indoor Alert was inadvertently activated in buildings on the Seattle campus at approximately 12:45 p.m. by a technician testing another part of the system. There is no emergency at this time.
March 17, 2019
UPDATE at 8:34 p.m.: Power has been restored to all of the affected buildings around campus.
ORIGINAL POST: Power outages have been reported sporadically in some university apartments and other outlying buildings around campus, including Blakeley Village, Stevens Court and Nordheim Court. Seattle City Light is investigating, and currently there is no estimated time when power will be restored. See Seattle City Light's outage map for more information.
Updates will be provided here as they become available.
February 12, 2019
UPDATE at 12:40 p.m. Wednesday: Operations at the UW Seattle campus returned to normal after a delayed start at 9:30 a.m. Wednesday. Any further updates will be provided on this page.
UW Tacoma also delayed normal operations until 9:30 a.m. Wednesday. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
UPDATE at 7:25 p.m. Tuesday: UW Bothell has announced it will suspend operations Wednesday. Updates for UW Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
As the snow and ice turn to slush, there are some areas that remain slippery and other potential hazards exist.
Hundreds of UW Facilities personnel have logged tens of thousands of hours working around the clock for the last 10 days. The work has included clearing and treating roads, pathways and entryways, operating and maintaining the power plan, utilities distribution systems and critical building mechanical systems, and providing critical transportation services to enable an effective return to normal operations for the UW. As normal operations resume after the historic storms that have hit the Seattle area, flexibility and patience are encouraged and appreciated.
February 11, 2019
Due to continued snow accumulation, operations are suspended on the UW Seattle campus on Tuesday. Classes, activities and other events will be canceled. Please use caution if walking or driving on and around campus. The weight of accumulated snow on tree branches has caused some to break and fall. Please be aware of low-hanging or potentially falling branches. [UPDATE AT 7 a.m. Tuesday: Stevens Way has reopened after being closed overnight between Grant Lane and Rainier Vista, due to fallen branches.]
Faculty, staff and students with concerns about specific work, events or activities are encouraged to communicate with their supervisors, instructors and event organizers.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time-off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations, so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager. Non-essential employees and essential employees whose responsibilities can be accomplished through telework should not come to campus.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
With several area schools also closing, classified and professional staff can learn about the UW's leave time for emergency family care in the event here: https://hr.uw.edu/ops/leaves/family-care-emergency-absences/
For updates regarding athletics events Tuesday, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter. Fans attending athletics events, if they proceed, are encouraged to take public transit, including light rail, if possible.
Click here for a message from UW President Ana Mari Cauce about the unique nature of the storms hitting the Puget Sound region, the challenges they present, and the decision-making process that goes into determining if or when to suspend operations.
UW Tacoma has announced it will also suspend operations Tuesday. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
UW Bothell has announced it will also suspend operations Tuesday. Updates for UW Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
February 10, 2019
Due to continued snow and icy conditions, normal operations are suspended on the UW Seattle campus on Monday. Classes, activities and other events will be canceled. Please use caution if walking or driving on and around campus.
Faculty, staff and students with concerns about specific work, events or activities are encouraged to communicate with their supervisors, instructors and event organizers.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations. Employees may telework during suspended operations so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
For updates regarding athletics events Monday, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter. Fans attending athletics events, if they proceed, are encouraged to take public transit, including light rail, if possible.
Click here for a message from UW President Ana Mari Cauce about the unique nature of the storms hitting the Puget Sound region, the challenges they present, and the decision-making process that goes into determining if or when to suspend operations.
UW Tacoma has announced it will also suspend operations Monday. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
UPDATE at 5:30 p.m. Monday: UW Bothell has announced it will also suspend operations Monday. Updates for UW Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
February 7, 2019
UPDATE at 2:25 p.m.: The UW Seattle campus will suspend normal operations on Sunday due to significant snowfall.
UW Athletics plans to proceed with hosting gymnastics and tennis events Sunday. For updates regarding athletics events, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter. Fans attending athletics events are encouraged to take public transit, including light rail, if possible.
ORIGINAL POST (Friday at 5:08 p.m.) In anticipation of significant snowfall Friday afternoon, the UW will suspend operations early at 12:30 p.m. Friday. Classes, activities and other events after that time will be canceled. Operations will also be suspended on Saturday. Please use caution when walking and driving on and around campus.
Faculty, staff and students are encouraged to communicate with their supervisors and instructors, and make other appropriate arrangements.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations. Employees may telework during suspended operations so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
For updates regarding athletics events Friday and Saturday, please visit gohuskies.com or @UWAthletics on Twitter. Fans attending athletics events, if they proceed, are encouraged to take public transit, including light rail, if possible.
UW Tacoma has announced it will suspend operations at 12:15 p.m. Friday through the weekend. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
UPDATE at 7:41 p.m.: UW Bothell has announced it will suspend operations at 1 p.m. Friday through the weekend. Updates on weather-related plans at UW Bothell will be reported as they become available, and can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
February 6, 2019
UPDATE at 12:12 p.m.: The medical emergency response near Drumheller Fountain has cleared. Please use caution when walking in the area.
ORIGINAL POST: There is a medical emergency response underway near Drumheller Fountain and police are helping to secure the scene.
A person sustained a serious injury near the fountain. Please avoid the area. More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
February 5, 2019
Operations at the UW Seattle, Bothell and Tacoma campuses remain suspended Tuesday, but the UW Seattle campus plans to return to normal operations Wednesday. Any further updates will be provided on this page.
Commuters and pedestrians are encouraged to stay on main roadways and pathways to the extent possible, using extra caution to avoid patches of ice which remain hazardous until temperatures rise long enough to fully melt them.
UPDATE at 7:23 p.m.: UW Bothell has announced it plans to resume normal operations at 10 a.m. Wednesday. Classes and activities before 10 a.m. are canceled. Updates on weather-related plans at UW Bothell will be reported as they become available, and can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
UPDATE at 8:27 p.m.: UW Tacoma has announced it will return to normal operations Wednesday. Updates for UW Tacoma can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
February 4, 2019
UPDATED at 6:42 a.m.: The UW Seattle campus has suspended operations and canceled classes Tuesday, due to continued icy conditions around the region. KC Metro busses are on snow routes and several routes are canceled completely, while road conditions remain potentially unsafe in many areas.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations. Employees may telework during suspended operations so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
The inclement weather policy, adopted in conformance with state law, is available at http://www.washington.edu/admin/hr/polproc/susp-ops/inclement-weather.html
UPDATED at 6:15 a.m.: UW Bothell has announced it is suspending operations and canceling classes Tuesday. Updates on weather-related plans at UW Bothell can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
Updated at 7:14 a.m.: UW Tacoma has announced it is suspending operations, canceling all classes, events and activities Tuesday. Updates for the UW Tacoma campus can be found at emergency.tacoma.uw.edu.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
UPDATE at 5:16 a.m.: The UW Seattle campus has suspended operations and canceled classes Monday due to increased accumulation overnight of snow on and around campus.
Employees identified by their unit as performing an essential service are required to report to work during any period of declared suspended operation. Employees in positions that are not designated as essential do not report to work when operations are suspended. These employees are covered by the pay and time off policies that apply during periods of suspended operations.
Telework may be a feasible option both for employees in essential positions and for regular employees who would not normally work during a suspension of operations. Employees may telework during suspended operations so long as they have the advance written approval of their supervisor or manager.
Learn more about the UW's suspended operations policy here: https://hr.uw.edu/policies/suspended-operations/
The inclement weather policy, adopted in conformance with state law, is available at http://www.washington.edu/admin/hr/polproc/susp-ops/inclement-weather.html
UPDATE at 6:04 a.m.: UW Bothell has announced is also suspending operations and canceling classes Monday. More information can be found at uwb.edu/emergency.
UPDATE at 9:02 a.m.: UW Tacoma has announced it is closing, and all remaining classes, events and activities are canceled Monday due to increased inclement weather. Updates for the UW Tacoma campus can be found at tacoma.uw.edu/updates.
NOTE: If you don't already receive UW Alert and UW Advisory messages for important updates about emergencies or weather-related notices by text and/or email, click here to subscribe or update your settings.
January 25, 2019
UPDATE at 10:00 p.m.: Officers continue to investigate a report of shots fired near NE 43rd St. and University Way NE. The scene is secure at this time and there is no ongoing threat.
ORIGINAL POST: Officers are responding to a report of shots fired from a vehicle near NE 43rd St. and University Way NE at 9:35 p.m. No victims were reported. Avoid the area.
January 12, 2019
UPDATE (10:56 a.m.): The campus Computer-Aided Access System (CAAMS) has been successfully restarted and doors are coming back online and functioning properly.
If problems persist, please contact UWPD it's non-emergency line, 206-685-UWPD (8973).
UPDATE: Computer-Aided Access Management System (CAAMS) system is malfunctioning at many buildings on campus, both outside and inside doors. Technicians are investigating and working to resolve. Doors are not unlocking as they should for properly credentialed cards. 
Doors will continue to open from inside to get out of buildings. 
Anyone needing urgent access can contact UWPD's non-emergency line at 206-685-UWPD (8973).
More information will be posted here as it becomes available. 
Electronic door access malfunction @ many campus buildings. Doors not unlocking. Info: alert.uw.edu
Sent at 9:07:25 AM Sat
January 4, 2019
Update 10:40 a.m.: The Seattle Fire Department investigated the incident and has given the all clear. Fluke Hall is being reoccupied.
Updated 10:23 a.m.: Multiple Seattle Fire Department units have responded to a possible hazardous materials incident at Fluke Hall. Please avoid the area. Updates will be posted as available.
Fluke Hall (campus map)
December 27, 2018
UPDATE at 3:23 p.m.: The 911 system outage in the area has been resolved and agencies in King County are reporting they have been able to receive 911 calls normally for several hours. UWPD has also tested its system and it is working well.
UPDATE at 9:34 a.m., 12/28/18: The statewide 911 outage is still being investigated and has not yet been resolved. Again, to reach UWPD in an emergency, please call 206-685-8973.
This article contains updates on the situation and a list of phone numbers to call around the state to reach a specific agency: http://mynorthwest.com/1227065/western-washington-911-outage/
ORIGINAL POST: 911 lines are down in King County. To reach UWPD, call 206-685-8973. If you need to reach Seattle Police call 206-583-2111, 206-625-5011 or text 911. More info alert.uw.edu
UPDATE at 4:47 p.m.: Power has been fully restored.
UPDATE at 11:29 a.m.: Power has been restored to three of the four affected buildings, but Stevens Court remains without service and traffic lights are out on Pacific Ave.
Seattle City Light is posting occasional updates on its Twitter feed: https://twitter.com/SEACityLight.
ORIGINAL POST: Four UW apartment complexes are among some 1,000-plus customers affected by a Seattle City Light outage first reported at 7:32 a.m. The known UW buildings affected include Stevens Court, Nordheim Court, Blakeley Village and Laurel Village.
Traffic lights along Montlake Blvd. are also out, so please use caution as you approach campus this morning.
Here is a link to Seattle City Light's outage map, which reflects current outages in the area: http://www.seattle.gov/light/sysstat2/
Updates will be provided on this page as they become available.
December 13, 2018
UPDATE: 11:15 A.M. The University of Washington Police Department continues to investigate the email threats, but has determined there is no safety concern. UWPD has concluded sweeps of affected buildings. The FBI has also advised that the email is not a credible threat.
UPDATE: 10:49 A.M. The University of Washington Police Department is aware of and investigating threatening emails sent to individuals on campus. Police are conducting sweeps of campus buildings as a precautionary measure.
It appears to be a generic spam email that has been sent to other organizations around the country. If you receive such an email, notify UWPD at 206-685-8973.
November 29, 2018
UPDATE (6:05 p.m.): Water has been restored to Hansee and Hutchinson halls.
UPDATE (4:55 p.m.): Water to Hutchinson Hall has also been shut off and the building coordinator there has been notified. Housing & Food Services has communicated directly with affected residents at Hansee Hall about a backup restroom plan.
ORIGINAL POST (4:03 p.m.): This afternoon, just after 2 p.m., we learned of a water main break in the Denny Field area near Hutchinson Hall. UW Facilities crews immediately responded, identified the issue and now are assessing the situation to determine a timeline for repairs. Hansee Hall currently is without water. No injuries have been reported.
Crews are working quickly to resolve the matter and we will post updates as they become available.
October 29, 2018
The UW Crisis Communications Team will test the UW Alert notification system around 10:30 a.m. on Monday, Oct. 29 across all platforms, including SMS text, email, website banners, Facebook and Twitter.
The emergency notification system the university uses for UW Alert is being upgraded, and as part of the process, the crisis team must test its performance across all platforms directly following the upgrade.
UW Alert messages on Oct. 29 will be similar to those sent Oct. 18 as part of the Great ShakeOut. We apologize for any repetition or inconvenience.
UW faculty, staff and students in Bothell, Seattle, Tacoma and at UW Medicine can subscribe to UW Alert.
More information:
October 18, 2018
This year's Great ShakeOut will take place at 10:18 a.m. on Oct. 18. The Great ShakeOut is a national program that encourages organizations and individuals to practice what to do in an earthquake. It is billed as the world's largest earthquake drill.
All three UW campuses will participate in the Great ShakeOut by testing the UW Alert notification system. A test message will be sent reminding people about the drill and directing them to sites where they can learn more about preparing for earthquakes. Some UW groups also are planning "drop, cover and hold" drills.
More information:
Harold Tobin, UW professor of Earth and space sciences and director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network, discusses seismic risks in the Pacific Northwest.
September 21, 2018
[UPDATE at 9:25 p.m.]: Approximately 12 people were evacuated from the building and there were no injuries or medical issues reported. Seattle firefighters used air monitoring equipment and have deemed the building safe to re-enter.
[ORIGINAL POST]: The Seattle Fire Department is responding to a hazardous materials incident at the Physics/Astronomy Building. A hydrogen spill in Room 009 has been contained, but the response continues and the building has been evacuated. Please avoid the area.
Updates will be posted here as more information becomes available.
September 4, 2018
UPDATE (10:03 a.m.): A stabbing investigation is ongoing in the 4300 block of 15th Avenue NE in the University District. Police are on the scene and the area is secured.
ORIGINAL POST:
A stabbing was reported Tuesday morning in the University District near NE 43rd Street and 15th Avenue NE. There is no suspect description at this time. Avoid the area.
At 9:41 a.m., Seattle Police Department tweeted that officers are responding to a stabbing at an apartment building in the 4300 block of 15th Ave NE. One woman has significant injuries.
Updates will be posted here as information becomes available.
August 24, 2018
UPDATE (11:05 a.m.): All campus network issues have been resolved.
UPDATE (10:08 a.m.): Campus phones are restored after an earlier outage. More information: https://eoutage.uw.edu/
ORIGINAL POST:
There are sporadic network outages affecting some UW campus phones. If you need to call 9-1-1, use your cell phone. UWIT is working on the issue and more updates will be provided as they are available.
UW Bothell and UW Tacoma campuses and UW Medical Center buildings do not appear to be affected by the outages.
More resources:
https://eoutage.uw.edu/
August 17, 2018
Update (2:02 a.m. Saturday): Just before 10:30 p.m. Friday, police responded to shots fired in the 5200 block of 20th Ave. NE. Upon arrival, officers were told by witnesses that shots had been fired from a black Dodger Charger, which fled northbound on 20th Ave. NE. They also reported a brown Chevy Suburban leaving the area in the same direction. Neither car was still in the area when officers arrived. Seattle police are investigating.
Two men were shot, with one transported to Harborview Medical Center via ambulance and the other being taken to Swedish in a private car. Their conditions are unknown at this time time. Neither victim has a UW affiliation. 
Update (11:31 p.m.): Seattle police report that a second victim, also not believed to be affiliated with the UW, was taken to the hospital in a private vehicle.
ORIGINAL POST:
A drive-by shooting occurred in the 5200 block of 20th Ave. NE around 10 p.m. Friday. Seattle police are investigating and have not found any suspects. There was at least one victim as a result of the shooting. Victim's condition is not known at this time. The victim is not affiliated with the University of Washington.
More information will be provided here as it becomes available.
